docs(wbh): add screenshots (#2896)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/webhosting/quickstart.mdx

2. Click <Icon name="seeMore" /> or the domain name of the Web Hosting plan you want to configure.
   <Lightbox src="scaleway-webhosting-overview.webp" alt="" />
   The **Hosting information** page displays.
3. Click **Control panel dashboard** in the **Hosting information** section of the page. The Web Hosting control panel opens in a in a new tab.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-webhosting-control-panel-dashboard.webp" alt="" />
    <Message type="tip">
        Alternatively, you can reach the control panel via the **Dashboard** link next to **Link to control panel** in the **Hosting information** section.
    </Message>
4. Enter your control panel credentials and click **Log in** to log into the Web Hosting control panel.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-cpanel-login1.webp" alt="" />

## How to change the language of the Web Hosting control panel

Scaleway's Web Hosting control panel is a multi-language solution and you can switch the language of the Interface towards your preferences.

1. Open the [Web Hosting control panel](#how-to-access-the-web-hosting-control-panel-from-the-scaleway-console). The login screen displays.

> 4. Click `...` on the right below the login form to open a list of all available languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click `...` on the right below the login form to open a list of all available languages.
```

   <Lightbox src="scaleway-cpanel-language1.webp" alt="" />

> 5. Click the language of your choice from the pop-up. A notification displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the language of your choice from the pop-up. A notification displays.
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-cpanel-language2.webp" alt="" />

> 6. Log in using your credentials to use the control panel in your preferred language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Log in using your credentials to use the control panel in your preferred language.
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-cpanel-language3.webp" alt="" />

## First connection to the Web Hosting control panel

1. Open the [Web Hosting control panel](#how-to-access-the-web-hosting-control-panel-from-the-scaleway-console). The login screen displays.
2. Enter your **user** and the **temporary password** from the mail you have received after account creation.
      <Lightbox src="scaleway-cpanel-login1.webp" alt="" />
3. Enter your **temporary password** as well as your **new password** and it's confirmation. A secret password with a score of 65/100 or more is required for the new password.
      <Lightbox src="scaleway-cpanel-login2.webp" alt="" />
      <Message type="tip">
        You can use the **Password generator** to generate a safe random password.
      </Message>
4. Click **Change your password now** to confirm the password update. You are being redirected to the login screen and you can login using your user and the newly set password.

## How to create a mailbox

> 1. Open the [Web Hosting control panel](#how-to-access-the-web-hosting-control-panel-from-the-scaleway-console) and log in using your panel user and password.. The Web Hosting panel dashboard displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [Web Hosting control panel](#how-to-access-the-web-hosting-control-panel-from-the-scaleway-console) and log in using your panel user and password. The Web Hosting panel dashboard displays.
```

        <Message type="tip">
          *  The control panel rates the password on a scale of 0 to 100, with 0 being weak and 100 being very secure.
          * Use the reveal icon to show the entered password.
          * Click **Generate** to create a random secure password and reveal it.
        </Message>
    * Alternatively, select **Send login link to alternate email address** and input an email to receive a password creation link.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-cpanel-email-create-form.webp" alt="" />
6. Click **+ Create** to create the email mailbox. You are being redirected and your new email mailbox displays in the list of email accounts:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-email-created.webp" alt="" />

## How to access the webmail intereface

You can access the webmail platform for your Web Hosting directly from your Scaleway console. 

1. Click **Web Hosting** in the **Managed Services** section of the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. The **Web Hosting** overview page displays.
2. Click <Icon name="seeMore" /> or the domain name of the Web Hosting plan you want to configure. The **Hosting information** page displays.

> 3. Click on the link next to **Link to Webmail** in the **Hosting information** of your Web Hosting plan to access the webmail interface in a new browser tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click on the link next to **Link to Webmail** in the **Hosting information** tab of your Web Hosting plan to access the webmail interface in a new browser tab.
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-webmail.webp" alt="" />
    <Message type="note">
      The address of the webmail for your Web Hosting may be different. Always use the link provided for your Web Hosting plan.
    </Message>
4. Enter your email address and password and click **Log in** to connect yourself to the webmail interface.
    <Message type="tip">
    Click `...` below the login form to choose another language for the webmail interface.
    </Message>

## How to manage the files of your Web Hosting
1. Open the [Web Hosting control panel](#how-to-access-the-web-hosting-control-panel-from-the-scaleway-console) and log in using your panel user and password. The Web Hosting panel dashboard displays.
2. Click **File Manager** in the **Files** section of the dashboard.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-cpanel-filemanager.webp" alt="" />
    The file manager displays.

> 3. Navigate to the `public_html` directory to upload, modify, or download data of your Web Hosting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the `public_html` directory to upload, modify, or download your Web Hosting data.
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-cpanel-filemanager-view.webp" alt="" />
    <Message type="tip">

>     * For more information, how to use the file manager, refer to the official [File Manager documentation](https://docs.cpanel.net/cpanel/files/file-manager/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For more information on how to use the file manager, refer to the official [File Manager documentation](https://docs.cpanel.net/cpanel/files/file-manager/)
```

>     * You can access data of your Web Hosting also using FTP by creating [FTP accounts](https://docs.cpanel.net/cpanel/files/ftp-accounts/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * You can also access your Web Hosting data via FTP by creating [FTP accounts](https://docs.cpanel.net/cpanel/files/ftp-accounts/)
```
